dash/editmode-module (#20608)
highcharts/highcharts: docs/dashboards/frequently-asked-questions.md

How to connect component to a cell?
----------------------------------
1. Enabled layout creator (GUI)

> To be able to use Dashboards with layout system and editmode you first have to load the editmode module.

Reviewer: Order matter- please mention this in the documentation.

How to connect component to a cell?
----------------------------------
1. Enabled layout creator (GUI)

> To be able to use Dashboards with layout system and editmode you first have to load the editmode module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to use Dashboards with layout system and edit mode you first have to load the `layout` module.
```

Reviewer: Similar change everywhere
